Quote: In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.  
Author: Richard Bach 

Quote: As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.  
Author: Donald Trump 

Quote: Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.  
Author: Carl Jung 

Quote: The best way to predict your future is to create it. 
Author: Peter Drucker

Quote: Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do. 
Author: Amelia Earhart

Quote: A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.  
Author: Plato 

Quote: With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice. 
Author: Oprah Winfrey

Quote: Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.  
Author: Winston Churchill

Quote: Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Author: Albert Einstein

Quote: Peace begins with a smile.  
Author: Mother Teresa 

Quote: What you fear is that which requires action to overcome. 
Author: Byron Pulsifer

Quote: Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.
Author: Unknown

Quote: Strength to carry on despite the odds means you have faith in your own abilities and know how. 
Author: Byron Pulsifer

Quote: Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. 
Author: Marcus Aurelius 

Quote: Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.  
Author: Carl Jung 

Quote: Your ability to learn faster than your competition is your only sustainable competitive advantage. 
Author: Arie de Gues

Quote: The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself. 
Author: Henry Miller

Quote: Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
Author: Pema Chodron

Quote: We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing. 
Author: Oliver Holmes 

Quote: When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.  
Author: Wayne Dyer

Quote: Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace.
Author: Buddha

Quote: Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them. 
Author: Hugh Miller 

Quote: Do one thing every day that scares you. 
Author: Eleanor Roosevelt 

Quote: Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Author: Saint Augustine

Quote: To the timid and hesitating everything is impossible because it seems so. 
Author: Walter Scott 

Quote: To the timid and hesitating everything is impossible because it seems so. 
Author: Walter Scott 

Quote: A goal is a dream with a deadline.  
Author: Napoleon Hill 

